Introduce quiet-pull to avoid huge amount of junk logs get printed as CI logs (#387)
buildkite-plugins/docker-compose-buildkite-plugin: README.md

The default is `false`.

### `quiet-pull` (optional, run only)

> Sets `docker-compose up` to run with `--quiet-pull`. There are other commands that can accept `--quiet-pull` or equivalents. They have not been implemented yet. 
> 
> The default is `false`.

Reviewer: As the `up` command is only used when starting dependencies, I would re-word this based on that and remove the additional clarification:

```suggestion

Start up dependencies with `--quiet-pull` to prevent even more logs during that portion of the execution.

The default is `false`.
```
